{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 updates for Konrad 2020.05.07\
\
- know how to make a new project\
- know how to make new objects, with the IDE\
- know how to modify objects with the IDE\
- trouble with updating objects wrt instances in Max\
- now able to convert buffers\
\
questions for Konrad\
- awk I can\'92t open the file\
- ask about index object. That is wack. Also like buffers in general\
- built in sounds just don\'92t sound very good. Ask for recs\
- for HOA look in packages\'85>>\'85help\
- how would he like *encoder* to look (multiple objects)\
- how would he like *rotator* to look (in particular, what kind of spatial data is passed? quaternion? Individual angles? To what extent to expose spatial control)\
- how would he like *decoder* to look\
- for irregular, use jitter (super not my strong suit) to visualize where the speakers are. What other files can be used / converted for this? This would be able to convert measurements to picture and picture to measurements. \
\
big picture\
- I\'92d like to explore exposing HRTF control for binaural\
- what would speaker array workflow look like?\
- I\'92d like to also make videos with audio demos to go along with this\
- Dana email; working through the summer\
\
Websites recommended by Konrad:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.zacharyseldess.com/miap/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 http://www.zacharyseldess.com/miap/}}
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/worldmaking/vr"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/worldmaking/vr}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://cycling74.com/forums/ambi-decode-ambisonic-playbackhelp"}}{\fldrslt https://cycling74.com/forums/ambi-decode-ambisonic-playbackhelp}}}